Token          Lexeme
keyword        while
separator      (
identifier     fahr
operator       <=
identifier     upper
separator      )
identifier     a
operator       =
real           23.00
separator      ;
Tokens are now empty in test1.txt

clatt at kevinzhuang in CPSC-323-Assignment-1 on  main [$✘!?] via  v3.10.6 
❯ python3 lexer.py
Token          Lexeme
keyword        function
identifier     factorial
separator      (
identifier     number
keyword        integer
separator      )
separator      {
keyword        if
separator      (
identifier     number
operator       ==
valid          1
separator      )
separator      {
keyword        return
identifier     number
separator      ;
separator      }
keyword        else
separator      {
identifier     number
operator       =
identifier     number
operator       -
valid          1
separator      ;
keyword        return
identifier     number
operator       *
identifier     factorial
separator      (
identifier     number
separator      )
separator      ;
separator      }
keyword        endif
separator      }
Tokens are now empty in test2.txt